doc: Explain a little how the virtual keyboard interacts with text input and visibility (#2555)
slint-ui/slint: examples/virtual_keyboard/README.md

# Virtual Keyboard Example

> This example application demonstrates how to implement and display a custom virtual keyboard in Slint. It is composed of three different building blocks:

Reviewer: Maybe : 

"It is composed of .. " --> "It has"

1. The virtual keyboard itself is implemented in "virtual_keyboard.slint" as a re-usable component. The application is responsible for placing it in the scene, typically as the last item in the root component.
2. When a `TextInput` element receives the focus, either by the user clicking or programmatically via a call to `focus()`, it sets the global `TextInputInterface.text-input-focused` property to true. Similarly,
   when the focus is lost, it is set to false again. Use this property to control visibility of the virtual keyboard.

> 3. When the user clicks on a key in the virtual keyboard, the application needs to simulate a key event as if the user pressed it on a real keyboard. The virtual keyboard invokes `VirtualKeyboardHandler`'s `key_pressed` callback. Set it to dispatch a key event to the `slint::Window`. Slint takes care of routing it to the currently focused `TextInput`. In Rust, call `slint::Window::dispatch_event(slint::platform::WindowEvent::KeyPressed{...})` to dispatch the event, in C++ call `slint::Window::dispatch_key_press_event`.(...)`. Subsequently, the you should dispatch a key release event using the same functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. When the user clicks on a key in the virtual keyboard, the application needs to simulate a key event as if the user pressed it on a real keyboard. The virtual keyboard invokes `VirtualKeyboardHandler`'s `key_pressed` callback. Set it to dispatch a key event to the `slint::Window`. Slint takes care of routing it to the currently focused `TextInput`. In Rust, call `slint::Window::dispatch_event(slint::platform::WindowEvent::KeyPressed{...})` to dispatch the event, in C++ call `slint::Window::dispatch_key_press_event(...)`. Subsequently, the you should dispatch a key release event using the same functions.
```

> 1. The virtual keyboard itself is implemented in "virtual_keyboard.slint" as a re-usable component. The application is responsible for placing it in the scene, typically as the last item in the root component.
> 2. When a `TextInput` element receives the focus, either by the user clicking or programmatically via a call to `focus()`, it sets the global `TextInputInterface.text-input-focused` property to true. Similarly,
>    when the focus is lost, it is set to false again. Use this property to control visibility of the virtual keyboard.
> 3. When the user clicks on a key in the virtual keyboard, the application needs to simulate a key event as if the user pressed it on a real keyboard. The virtual keyboard invokes `VirtualKeyboardHandler`'s `key_pressed` callback. Set it to dispatch a key event to the `slint::Window`. Slint takes care of routing it to the currently focused `TextInput`. In Rust, call `slint::Window::dispatch_event(slint::platform::WindowEvent::KeyPressed{...})` to dispatch the event, in C++ call `slint::Window::dispatch_key_press_event`.(...)`. Subsequently, the you should dispatch a key release event using the same functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The virtual keyboard itself: This is implemented in `virtual_keyboard.slint` as a re-usable component. The application is responsible for placing it in the scene, typically as the last item in the root component.
2. Keyboard visibility: When a `TextInput` element receives focus, either by the user clicking on it or programmatically via a call to `focus()`, it sets the global `TextInputInterface.text-input-focused` property to true. Similarly,
   when focus is lost, this property is set to false. Use this property to control visibility of the virtual keyboard.
3. Interaction: When the user clicks on a key in the virtual keyboard, the application needs to simulate a key event as if the user pressed the key on a real keyboard. The virtual keyboard invokes `VirtualKeyboardHandler`'s `key_pressed` callback. You need to set this callback to dispatch a key event to the `slint::Window`. Slint takes care of routing it to the currently focused `TextInput`. In Rust, call `slint::Window::dispatch_event(slint::platform::WindowEvent::KeyPressed{...})` to dispatch the event; in C++ call `slint::Window::dispatch_key_press_event`.(...)`. Subsequently, you should dispatch a key release event using the same family of functions.
```
